Location: DW PC1 cubicle 14

Date: Tuesday, 21<sup>st</sup> of March

Time: 13:47 - 14:30

Attendees: Daria Bucur, Max Istomin, Damjan Košutić, Mateo Nasse, Lucas Paul.

## **Opening by Chairperson**

The meeting was started by Lucas at 13:47 with everyone present except Marit. 

## **Announcements**

Compared to other teams, we are behind so we should pick up the pace.

## **Approval of the agenda**

Everybody approved of the agenda.

## **Check-up on the backend and frontend**
FRONTEND:
* Daria is working on the task list functionality
* Damjan is working on task functionality
* Mateo is working on the drag-and-drop feature

BACKEND:
* Lucas has tested the board controller
* Max has figured out the connection between frontend and backend

## **How close are we to a functional prototype?**
We have the connection with the server in order, but the frontend still needs to finish some functionalities to have every aspect of the application visible.

## **Frontend-Backend switch**
**HOW:** We will organise 2 meetings. In one of them, one person from the frontend will explain everything to the other 3 from the backend, and in the other meeting, one person from the backend explains everything to the frontend.

**WHEN:** The meeting should be organised after the basic functionality of the application is done. We estimate that to be around the end of this week (probably Friday).

## **Heuristics usability evaluation**.
[14:00] We discussed the requirements of the Heuristic usability evaluation.

[14:03] We checked the website to analyse the template of the Heuristic usability evaluation

[14:06] We agreed on the colour palette of the application [blue-orange].

[14:10] The TA encouraged us to follow the grading rubric. In the wireframe, we have to explain how the pages connect to each other.

[14:10] The TA informed us that the prototype we provide to other teams to evaluate shouldn't necessarily be interactable. When evaluating a prototype, we should also evaluate it from a user's perspective at least 3 times. After we receive the feedback from the other team, we should change the application based on it and report the changes we've made with explanations and arguments.

## **TA intervention**
[14:13] Buddycheck -> everyone passed

[14:13] Technology rubric -> we have to grade ourselves based on it and indicate where in the application we have used the things in the rubric.

[14:14] Code contribution -> we were able to see the statistics of each team member's contribution to the application.

[14:18] We presented the demo to our TA.

[14:25] From now on, if someone doesn't have a meaningful MR every week it is an automatic fail of the course.


## **Summary of action points**

| Action items | Who is responsible? | Deadline |
|---------|----------|----------|
|Tasklist functionality | Daria | 24-03-2023 |
|Modify the unit tests and controller mapping | Max | 24-03-2023 |
|Start working on the heuristic task | Lucas | 24-03-2023 |
|Finish the prototype | Mateo | 24-03-2023 |
|Task funtionality | Damjan | 24-03-2023 |

## **Any questions?**
**Q:** Do we have to choose the group to which we give the heuristic usability evaluation or is it assigned to us? 

**A:** We choose it.

**Q:** Do we give the heuristic usability evaluation to more groups or just one?

**A:** Just one.

**Q:** If you evaluate a team, do they evaluate you back?

**A:** Not  necessarily.

**Q:** What are the grades on Brightspace based on and what do they mean?

**A:** They represent our organisation of the issues in GitLab and how we managed them. We should also close the issues once we have finished them.

## **Closing**
The meeting ended at 14:30.